Do you think stormterror is a cutie pie and would be fun to play with? Why?
Who is your favourite Genshin character and why?
If you could receive a vision, which one would it be and why?
Where is the most annoying place you have ever explored?
Which weapons or characters are you currently saving for?
Which nation do you like the most and why?
If you had a million dollars just to spend in Genshin, how would you spend it?
Who is the most handsome character in Genshin?
Who is the ugliest character in Genshin?
Who has the most beautiful voice in Genshin?
Do you remember your first co-op experience? If yes, how did it go? 
How did your first meet with goated Paimon go?
What is the _cringiest_ thing you have ever done in Genshin?
What is the _cringiest_ thing that you have ever tried doing in Genshin but failed miserably?
What are the three things that you wish for before you die?
If you were a Paimon, what would you do?
Do you think Signora deserves to die?
Do you think Paimon has a crush? :eyes:
What do you think about the contract between Zhongli and Tsaritsa in the end of Act I?
If Paimon left you, what would you do? :sob:
What do you usually do when you run out of food during a fight?
Will Paimon betray us in the end? :eyes:
What is the dirtiest thing you have ever committed in Genshin?
If you found out Paimon is actually a boy, how would you react? :joy:
What do you think about the age of the traveler? Is he/she a kid or an adult?
Do you simp for Paimon? :smirk:
Who are you most attracted to in Genshin?
Do you think Paimon is edible?
If you could cook Paimon any dish, what would you choose to cook?
What is your favourite vision? Why?
Which vision is the most powerful? Why?
What is your favourite hangout quest?
What is your favourite story quest?
Who was your first 5 star character?
What was your first 5 star weapon
Who do you think the next character will be? What will be their lore?
What was the first banner you have ever pulled?
Who was your first character you have got by pulling?
What do you think the whole Genshin game end story will be?
What is your most favourite dish to cook?
What is the most annoying food to cook?
What is the first food you have ever cooked?
Have you ever died on a commission?
Have you ever been to inuzuma?
Which is your favourite continent and why?
Any thoughts about Kaeya?
What is your dream team in Genshin?
How much have you spent in Genshin?
Do you prefer F2P or P2W in Genshin? What do you think?
Do you have any P2W friend that tried to flex on you?
What is your favourite location in the game so far?
What is the most awkward thing happened to you in Genshin?
What kind of dishes do you generally like to cook?
Are you good at cooking in Genshin?
How many times have you died to Shogun?
Do you usually prefer co-op or solo?
What is the most annoying mob in Genshin?
How many Hilichurls have you killed so far?
Are Hilichurls innocent creatures?
What is the most difficult domain? Why?
What was the best event you have ever participated in Genshin in your opinion?
What is the best name card?
What is the best 4 star character you have ever had?
What is the single highest damage you have ever done in the game?
Who are the easiest and hardest bosses to defeat?
Which weekly boss is the most annoying to defeat?
Which weekly boss is the easiest to defeat?
Do you usually kill bosses on solo or co-op?
How often do you play Genshin?
Is Genshin addicting to you?
What is your favourite weapon type?
What is your best 3 star weapon?
How did you discover Genshin at first?
Is there anything you regret doing/not doing in Genshin?
Which glider skin do you think is the best? 
Which glider skin do you usually apply in the game?
Who do you think the weakest character is?
Who do you think the strongest character is?
Which archon is your favourite?
Who is your favourite Chibi version?
Whose alternate outfit is the best?
If you had a vision in real life, which one would you prefer to be?
What food have you prepared the most?
If you were to spend a week in any one nation, which one would it be?
If you could make befriend with one character in real life, who would it be?
If you can be one of the characters in Genshin, who will you prefer to be?
If you were to get a character on your very next wish, which character would it be?
Which character makes you act the most _unwise_? :skull:
Which character was your first ever pull?
Which character do you think is the cutest?
Which is your favourite Cryo character?
Which is your favourite Hydro character?
Which is your favourite Geo character?
Which is your favourite Anemo character?
Which is your favourite Electro character?
Which is your favourite Pyro character?
Which is your favourite Dendro Character?
Which Genshin meme is the best among all? 
Which Genshin emoji do like the most?
What is your biggest pull flex?
What do you like or hate Paimon most?
How would you rate the Genshin community out of 10?
Any thoughts about Paimon?
Any thoughts about the name "traveler"?
Which character is the thiccest?
Which is the best Genshin soundtrack?
Who do you think is the strongest archon? Why?
What new element do you think should be added to the game?
Which sibling did you choose at the beginning? Why?
What is your most difficult material to get?
How you would rate dragonspine from 1 to 10?
If you could eat any dish in Genshin in real life, which would it be?
If you wake up as a Hilichurl some day, what would be the first thing you would do?
Where is the hardest place you have ever explored?
Who is the most reliable DPS character?
Who is the best/most versatile healer in game?
Are there any character(s) you regret pulling?
What made you start playing Genshin?
Who was the first character you mained, excluding the default character?
Do you prefer Genshin over other games? Why?
Do you know why stormterror is also called "dvalin"?
Do you like stormterror? Why?
Do you like stocking primogems?
What do you usually do with your resin?
If you were Paimon, who would you go with instead of traveler?
If you were a traveler, who would you get married to?
Where is the funnest place in Genshin you have ever been to? Tell us about your experience!
Do you like to take pictures when you are travelling to beautiful places in Genshin?
How often do you use your camera in Genshin?
If you can be one of Genshin character, who would you choose to be? Why?
Had you ever thought of traveling without Paimon?
Where do you think Paimon's real hometown is?
Where do you think the real hometown of traveler is?
Do you think any new vision will be added in game in the future?
What kind of new vision would you like to be added in game? Why?
Some people say "Traveler's face is like Rick Astley", do you agree?
What is your favourite hypostases to fight against?
What is the most annoying hypostases to fight against?
What is the most easiest hypostases to defeat?
Where is the most beautiful place in Mondstadt you visited?
Where in Mondstadt do you hate the most? Why?
Which character do you hate the most and why?
Which weapon do you hate the most and why?
If you could receive a vision, which one would you want?
If you could be one of the knight of favonius, who would you like to be and why?
What is your favourite character to kill slimes?
What is your favourite character to kill Hilichurl?
Do you think Jean has a crush?
Do you think Paimon is cute?
Do you pick every mushroom on ground? :joy:
Which character do you think he or she should not be in the game?
If Paimon proposed to you, what would you reply to her?
Do you simp for any male characters in Genshin?
Do you simp for any female characters in Genshin?
Do you eat even if your health is just a bit low?
Do you like co-op mode? Why's that so?
When you have too much resin, what do you do at first?
Do any of your friends simp for Paimon?
Do any of your friends simp for Qiqi?
Do any of your friends simp for Traveler?
Have any of your friends flexed their characters on you?
Have you ever had a crush on Hilichurl?
Have you ever tried to make a Hilichurl run after you?
What game feature do you like the most and do not want it to be removed?
Have you ever died to explosions?
Do you have any suggestions for the game?
If Genshin added a character named "naruto", what would you think it's power to be like?
What do you usually do when slimes come in your way while you are doing important quests?
What was the hardest quest that took you many tries to complete?
Do you know who wrote the Favonius Survival Rulebook for Klee?
Would you rather have Tartaglia as a brother or Ninguang as a sister?
Would you rather die from drowning or falling off a mountain?
Do you know who the owner of the best pharmacy in Liyue is?
If you were to suggest a change to the game developer, what is the most urgent issue that you want to change right now?
What do you think about the game's app icon?
Rate Genshin Impact overall out of 10.
Who would you smash?
Were the ascension domains hard for you?
